[SPIRIT] Is this power
she's taking from my heart?
[TZVETA]
I'm seeing a cold winter night
we spent together.
Pesha's tiny hand in mine.
The candle that wouldn't light
on a shivering evening,
the uncaring moon,
looking down on us.
The lake that sank
into black abyss.
Hey, tell me.
Why did everyone I love
lie to me?
They did.
And I believed in it.
But I only found one thing
outside of here.
A world that's full of shit!
[crackling]
[TZVETA] The few years
after I left the orphanage
weren't long,
But they were more than enough.
I witnessed how cold
the world could be.
[LETANA]
Please take a pamphlet.
Do you have any children,
ma'am?
Maybe they'd like one.
Excuse me.
A moment of your time.
-[gasps]
-[paper rustling]
[crumbles]
♪
[LETANA]
Not enough.
I'll have to find more work.
[whimpering]
It's cold.
♪
Huh?
What's the matter, Pesha?
Are you feeling hungry?
Mm-mm.
Of course.
Sorry, sweetie.
I'll fix something up.
Give me just a minute.
[chops]
[LETANA]
My Pesha...
I won't let you go hungry.
Please don't be sad.
You're my only light,
the last thing
the world hasn't taken.
♪
[FEMALE EMPLOYEE 10A]
Hey, Letana?
-Huh?
-A moment, please.
Huh?
I'm sorry to have to do this,
but we'll have to
let you go after this month.
You know, it is a recession.
Every local business
has to make some cuts.
Huh.
I understand.
That's how it is.
[door creaks shut]
I'll have to find that new job
sooner than I expected.
Huh?
Pesha.
Wake up.
This isn't a good spot
to fall asleep.
Huh?
Hmm.
[LETANA] She drew a picture
of us smiling?
And that looks like cake.
I'm not sure if she's ever
seen me smile like this.
I'm so sorry, Pesha.
I wish I was able to buy
all the cake on Earth
for you to enjoy.
But maybe,
I can still make
something happen.
♪
[LETANA]
We need food.
I can't cut back more.
I need to find a new job soon.
Or else...
[knocking]
[gasps]
Is there a problem?
[LANDLADY 10A]
Don't you give me that, Letana!
You know damn well
why I'm here.
You're already six months
late on rent,
in case you've forgotten.
I apologize.
But I'm having a really
hard time finding work.
[sighs] You think things
are only rough for you?
I'm no monster, so I hate
that you're making me say this,
but if this continues,
I'll have no choice
but to kick you out.
I'm so sorry.
Please, just give me
a week or two.
[clock ticking]
What's the matter, sweetie?
You don't feel hungry?
You need to eat
everything you can,
or you won't grow up
big and strong.
Huh?
Dear, come on.
This is important.
Just eat, for mama.
Please.
Be a good girl, Pesha.
-[slams table]
-Listen to me, dammit!
[gasps]
Sweetie, I didn't mean...
what I meant to say was...
I...
Mama, please.
You haven't eaten anything
in so long.
[sobbing]
I swear I didn't wanna
make things worse for you.
I wanted you to have it.
Sorry, Mama.
I didn't mean it.
-[sobbing]
-[LETANA] Oh...
I'm so sorry.
[LETANA]
I'm finished.
I don't have any right
to call myself a mother
to this perfect child.
As long as I'm around,
she'll never find
her own happiness.
But what if...
I suddenly disappeared?
♪
If I weren't here,
she could be happy.
[splashing]
Imagine.
She could live
in the orphanage.
The people there
could take better care of her.
I wish I could
live there with her,
to go back to the days
when the world still felt warm.
I can't bear to live
in winter anymore.
And it never ends.
If this is it,
I want to let her try cake,
so she can have
one good thing.
[doorbell ringing]
[FEMALE BAKERY EMPLOYEE 10A]
Welcome, look around.
What kind of cake
are you in the mood for?
Oh, well, I...
You see um...
I hoped I could get a cake
for my little girl.
But no, I'll take a cookie.
That's all.
Is that so?
I've got just the thing.
Here you go,
I recommend this one.
It's the most delicious I have.
No! There's been
a misunderstanding,
I'm sure it's tasty,
but I can't afford something
so extravagant.
[chuckles]
On the house.
-Please, it's all yours.
-Huh?
All I ask in return
is that the two of you
tell me if you like it.
And make sure to
bring her with you next time.
♪
I'll do that.
I promise.
Thank you.
Truly.
[doorbells tinkles]
♪
[LETANA]
Right.
I can't give up so easily.
She deserves better.
I need to go back to her.
And apologize for my yelling.
I wouldn't hold it against her
if she hated me for that.
I'll make it up to her.
[giggling]
[playful shouting]
[LETANA] I'll tell her that
no matter what,
the only thing
ever on my mind is her.
I'm realizing she doesn't know
how I feel.
I've never been open with her
about what's weighing
on my mind.
[thuds]
[MALE VAGRANT 10A] [scoffs]
No money to help me out,
but the bitch can
afford to buy a cake?
[thuds]
[splashing]
♪
[LETANA]
This cold world,
it finally took the last thing
I have, away from me.
But that's okay.
Maybe now I can feel
warm in hell.
♪
Pesha,
I have one last dream.
For you,
and children everywhere.
May you never know
the extent of the pain
this world can give you.
Or if you can't be kept safe,
I'd rather this world
simply cease to exist.
♪
Ah, everything's cold.
[ice crackles]
Mama.
Now, Pesha,
you finally understand
why I'm here.
To keep you safe
from this hell.
[SHY]
Pepesha, get out!
[SPIRIT]
Were those her memories?
But if she drowned years ago,
how is she...
[KUFUFU] What'd you think,
you pain in the butt?
As the curtains close
on this heart wrencher,
not even I can laugh!
But now, it's quiz time!
-Here!
-Huh?
Will our Heroes
be able to cheer
Tzveta up
and make her smile again?
Buzz!
Looks like your time's up!
Now, here's your
consolation bomb!
No! Not again!
[explosion]
[SPIRIT]
Is this real?
It's really you?
Yes. The mama you've spent
all these years hating.
Huh?
No matter what I tried,
I couldn't make you happy.
Why wouldn't you loathe a
mother who failed you so badly?
[SPIRIT]
Stop it.
How could you be so far off?
[TZVETA]
But I accept it.
I'd gladly burn
for all eternity.
The only wish I have
is for you to live happily.
[SPIRIT]
Correct her.
You have to!
Let the whole world hate me
for all I care.
Spit it out!
Tell her!
As long as I can
sing you to sleep.
Mama...
♪
[SPIRIT]
I can't.
I don't have the
heart to say it.
[TZVETA]
Pesha,
you don't have to suffer
ever again.
Suffering doesn't belong
in this place we made.
You know what I see?
A girl with a chance
to be happy.
A girl I ruined
a long time ago.
Dearest, Pesha, don't cry.
I'm ecstatic today.
I get to see
who my daughter became,
without me there
to mess things up.
[crackling]
[SHY]
You're wrong!
[shatters]
Huh!
Huh? Where'd ya run to now?
[SHY] You completely missed
the biggest detail!
From the very beginning,
you didn't notice at all
how much you meant to Pepesha!
All the kindness
you passed on to her,
still lives on inside
Spirit's heart!
[SPIRIT]
Out of nowhere,
I remembered something else.
The tiniest flame from a
candle when I was young.
It was cold.
And the heat it gave
was barely noticeable
As it flickered with
everything it had.
Even so, it gave me a hope
to dream about tomorrow.
And that...was all I needed.
Your heart is frozen solid.
Let me help.
I'm gonna warm it back up!
[SHY]
Shy.
♪
What a lovely fire.
The kind you want to
cozy up to and enjoy forever.
[grunting]
Although, they aren't
meant for me anymore.
Those flames aren't able to
warm this place.
Now that I have my
emotions and memories,
the influence of this space is
larger than it ever was before.
Gaze upon my Amarariruku.
My heart is complete!
♪
It will only keep
spreading from here!
[evil laughter]
Tzveta's got an absolutely
kickin' pair of wings!
[gasps]
Crap, crap, crap,
crap, crap, crap, crap!
[SPIRIT] Her powers have
gotten this much stronger?
You cannot hope to stop me.
[grunts]
[straining]
[SPIRIT]
It's bitterly cold.
It's almost enough
to freeze my lungs.
[straining]
Not enough?
Huh?
Incessant.
[cracks]
[gasps]
♪
Huh?
[shattering]
[shouts]
Huh?
Now you've done it.
♪
[screaming]
Burn!
No way.
[TZVETA]
How is this possible?
[grunts]
No doubt about it,
my powers are exponentially
greater than before.
So why is this child stronger?
[shouting]
[grunts]
Who are you?
Answer me.
When I was hit by your ice,
it felt more lonely than cold.
Your powers are
born of sadness,
and that could never hurt me.
What do you know?
You think you understand
the pain inside my heart?
[SHY]
I do understand.
All too well.
I saw those tears once
on a friend of mine.
[SHY]
And just like then,
they're the tears you cry
when you harm yourself
for someone else.
You think it's okay
if only you suffer.
to sacrifice yourself.
While ignoring how your
daughter feels this whole time.
[grunting]
You shut your mouth!
[quivering]
You weren't there
all those years ago.
Don't talk like you know me!
No one out there
gives a shit about me!
[TZVETA]
And it's okay if no one cares.
As long as
it's for my daughter.
I'll endure anything!
[screaming]
[gasps]
Would you look at her?
There's a reason
Pepesha is who she is,
a reason she could
become a hero!
You loved her.
She learned it from you!
She inherited it,
and given the
slightest opportunity,
she shares that love
with the people around her!
Her heart compels her
to care for others,
but it was your heart first!
♪
[sizzling]
She admired you
more than anything else.
That's how she learned
to be a world class Hero!
That can't be right.
[TZVETA]
I did nothing for her.
I didn't give Pesha anything.
That's the real reason
I was brought back here.
I turned out to be a failure,
but I won't let that
happen to her!
I think the truth is
that you're afraid.
You've told me that you don't
care about what happens to you
but...
[SHY] I don't believe that
anyone is okay without love!
Not even you!
I don't need love
or anything else!
[straining]
Teru.
What's driving you?
-[SHY] Spirit.
-[gasps]
♪
[shatters]
[SHY]
It'll be fine. I promise.
So, tell her how you feel.
For once,
don't leave it unsaid.
I'll carry some of the
weight with you.
I know you're ready to do it.
So please, tell her.
Stay out of the way!
♪
I'm doing this
for a better future!
[SPIRIT]
The first time I met Teru,
she reminded me
of how I used to be.
To make a
safer world for children!
[screaming]
[SPIRIT] That's why
I never left her alone.
I thought she needed a push
from someone to succeed.
But looking at you now...
[straining]
[ringing]
[shouting]
-[crashing]
-[grunts]
[SPIRIT]
I didn't have the courage.
I was just scared
of hurting you.
Terrified you might hate me.
But back then...
I should have told you
how I really felt.
[grunting]
So, Mama?
I'm embarrassed
to have to say this.
♪
But listen...
[flutters]
We never had an argument,
but your daughter's mad at you!
♪
[clapping]